Today is 17th of November. It has been two days since my grandfather from my
mom's side has died. Cancer is a dangerous disease.My mom is really sad and 
cries a lot. I understand her. She lost her father. Loosing your close members expecially parents is a hearbroking experience. Grandfather was a really good man. He was really calm person.I liked his character. In this life you should learn how to loose and attract. You can't change the sitation but only your statment and reaction to it. Be grateful for what you have and do not stop. It is really difficult to loose someone in your life. I can't really imagine from what my mom is going through. I am grateful that my mom has my dad who will support her everytime. My heart hurts remebering the pain that my mom feels. What can I say is, he lived a really long 65 years in this beautiful world, he has seen all his 8 grandchildren, he has built that hous in Ak-Ordo. The ending of this disease was understandble. It would end up with death, but we couldn't even imagine that it will happen so fast and unexpectedly. I love you Mairambek tayta, rest in piece. I know it was really hard to breath and just live, and I hope that you feel more rest and comfortable now there. I can't even believe that this situation has happened. I can't accept it even now.
I don't know how the life is gonna go. I will help my mother mentally and physically as I can. I won't stop working towards my dream and goals either.
We have to move on and accept the things as they are. We will move on and always remember our grandfather!

Last few days I was stressed also... bc of the lack of time and my unhealthy habits, but I didn't give up and continue to study even on my hard days.
Grateful for the opportunity to study and learn the things that I desire. I am grateful for the current my emotional statment that doesn't depend 
on anyone and anything. I am grateful and forgive and detach from all the negative energy.
Love this life of mine even with the hardest situations.
 
